Major v5 (#531)
dreamit-de/graphql-server: README.md

## Working with context function

`GraphQLServer`, like many GraphQL libraries, uses a context function to create a context object of type `Record<string, unknown>` that is available during the whole request execution process. This can for example be used to inject information about request headers or adjust responses. An example can be found in the `CustomSendResponse.integration.test.ts` class in the test/server folder.

```typescript
export interface GraphQLServerOptions {
    contextFunction: (contextParameters: {
        serverOptions: GraphQLServerOptions
        request?: GraphQLServerRequest
        response?: GraphQLServerResponse
    }) => Record<string, unknown>
}
```

## Available options

> The `GraphQLServer` accepts the following `GraphQLServerOptions`. When calling the constructor or `setOptions` function useful defaults from `defaultGraphQLServerOptions` are set and overwritten by the options provided in the constructor/function parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `GraphQLServer` accepts the following `GraphQLServerOptions`. When calling the constructor or `setOptions` function, useful defaults from `defaultGraphQLServerOptions` are set and overwritten by the options provided in the constructor/function parameter.
```

### Metrics options

> - **`collectErrorMetricsFunction:`**: Given an error name as string, error as `unknown`, `GraphQLServerOptions` and context as `Record<string, unknown>` this function can be used to trigger collecting error metrics. Default implementation is `defaultCollectErrorMetrics` that increase
>   the error counter for the given errorName or Error by 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`collectErrorMetricsFunction:`**: Given an error name as string, error as `unknown`, `GraphQLServerOptions` and context as `Record<string, unknown>`, this function can be used to trigger collecting error metrics. Default implementation is `defaultCollectErrorMetrics` which increases the error counter for the given errorName or Error by 1.
```
